feat(ELB): add elb active standby pool resource (#3934)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/elb_active_standby_pool.md

  name        = "test"
  description = "testActiveStandbyPool"
  protocol    = "TCP"
  type        = "instance"
  vpc_id      = var.vpc_id

  members {
    address       = "0.0.0.1"
    protocol_port = 45
    role          = "slave"
  }

  members {
    address       = "0.0.0.0"
    protocol_port = 36
    role          = "master"
  }

  healthmonitor {
    delay            = 5
    expected_codes   = "200"
    max_retries      = 3
    max_retries_down = 3
    timeout          = 3
    type             = "TCP"
  }

  persistence {
    type = "SOURCE_IP"
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the ELB pool resource. If omitted, the
  provider-level region will be used.

* `protocol` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the protocol used by the backend server group to receive requests.
  Value options: **TCP**, **UDP** or **QUIC**.
  + If the listener's protocol is **UDP**, the value must be **UDP** or **QUIC**.
  + If the listener's protocol is **TCP**, the value must be **TCP**.

* `persistence` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the sticky session.

>   The [object](#persistence) structure is documented below.

Reviewer: it is useless, delete it

Author: done

> * `members` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the backend servers in the active/standby backend server group.
>   The [object](#members) structure is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `members` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the backend servers in the active/standby backend server group.
  The [members](#ELB_members) structure is documented below.
```
and fix other places

Author: done

  This parameter can be updated only when it is left blank.

* `loadbalancer_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the load balancer with which the backend server
  group is associated.

* `listener_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the listener with which the backend server group is
  associated.

  -> **NOTE:** At least one of `loadbalancer_id`, `listener_id`, `type` must be specified.

* `name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the backend server group name.

* `description` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies supplementary information about the active/standby backend
  server group.

* `vpc_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the VPC where the backend server group works.

  -> **NOTE:** 1. The backend server group must be associated with the VPC.
  <br/> 2. Only backend servers in the VPC or IP as Backend servers can be added.
  <br/> 3. `type` must be set to **instance**.
  <br/> 4. If it is not specified, it is determined by the VPC where the backend server works.
  <br/> 5. This parameter can be updated only when it is left blank.

> 

Reviewer: the param of any_port_enable is left

Author: done

> * `ip_version` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the IP address version supported by the backend server group.

Reviewer: it is an attribute, not a param

Author: done

> Specifies the IP address version supported by the backend server group.

Reviewer: delete this line

Author: done

  -> **NOTE:** 1. If the protocol of the backend server group is **TCP** or **UDP**, only **SOURCE_IP** takes effect.
  <br/> 2. If the protocol of the backend server group is **HTTP** or **HTTPS**, the value can only be **HTTP_COOKIE**.
  <br/> 3. If the backend server group protocol is **QUIC**, sticky session must be enabled with type set to
  **SOURCE_IP**.

* `cookie_name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the cookie name. The value can contain only letters, digits,
  hyphens (-), underscores (_), and periods (.). It is required if `type` of `persistence` is set to **APP_COOKIE**.

* `timeout` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the sticky session timeout duration in minutes. This parameter is
  invalid when `type` is set to **APP_COOKIE**. The value range varies depending on the protocol of the backend server
  group:
  + When the protocol of the backend server group is **TCP** or **UDP**, the value ranges from **1** to **60**, and
    defaults to **1**.
  + When the protocol of the backend server group is **HTTP** or **HTTPS**, the value ranges from **1** to **1440**,
    and defaults to **1440**.

<a name="members"></a>
The `members` block supports:

> * `address` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the  private IP address bound to the backend server. If subnet_cidr_id
>   is left blank, IP as a Backend is enabled. In this case, the IP address must be an IPv4 address.If subnet_cidr_id is
>   not left blank, the IP address can be IPv4 or IPv6. It must be in the subnet specified by subnet_cidr_id and can only
>   be bound to the primary NIC of the backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `address` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the  private IP address bound to the backend server. 
  + If `subnet_cidr_id` is left blank, IP as a Backend is enabled. In this case, the IP address must be an **IPv4** address.
  + If `subnet_cidr_id` is not left blank, the IP address can be **IPv4** or **IPv6**. It must be in the subnet specified by 
     `subnet_cidr_i`d and can only be bound to the primary NIC of the backend server.
```

Author: done

> * `protocol_port` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the port used by the backend server to receive requests.
>   
>   -> **NOTE:** This parameter can be left blank because it does not take effect if any_port_enable is set to true for a
>   backend server group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `protocol_port` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the port used by the backend server to receive requests. It is mandatory if `any_port_enable` is **true**.
```

Author: done

> * `role` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the type of the backend server. Value options: **master**, and
>   **slave**:
>   + **master**: active backend server.
>   + **slave**: standby backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `role` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the type of the backend server. Value options:
  + **master**: active backend server.
  + **slave**: standby backend server.
```

Author: done

* `name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the backend server name.

> * `subnet_cidr_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the IPv4 or IPv6 subnet where the backend server
>   resides.
> 
>   -> **NOTE:** 1. The IPv4 or IPv6 subnet must be in the same VPC as the subnet of the load balancer. 2.If this parameter
>   is not passed, IP as a Backend has been enabled for the load balancer. In this case, IP as backend servers must use
>   private IPv4 addresses, and the protocol of the backend server group must be TCP, HTTP, or HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_cidr_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the IPv4 or IPv6 subnet where the backend server
  resides.
  + The IPv4 or IPv6 subnet must be in the same VPC as the subnet of the load balancer. 
  + If this parameter is not passed, IP as a Backend has been enabled for the load balancer. In this case, IP as backend servers must use private IPv4 addresses, and the protocol of the backend server group must be **TCP**, **HTTP**, or **HTTPS**.
```
the description is inaccuracy

Author: done

<a name="healthmonitor"></a>
The `healthmonitor` block supports:

* `delay` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the interval between health checks, in seconds.

> * `max_retries` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of consecutive health checks when the health check
>   result of a backend server changes from OFFLINE to ONLINE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_retries` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of consecutive health checks when the health check
  result of a backend server changes from **OFFLINE** to **ONLINE**. The value range is from **1** to **10**.
```

Author: done

> * `timeout` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the maximum time required for waiting for a response from the health
>   check, in seconds. It is recommended that you set the value less than that of parameter delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `timeout` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the maximum time required for waiting for a response from the health
  check, in seconds. It is recommended that you set the value less than that of parameter `delay`.
```

Author: done

* `type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the health check protocol. Value options: **TCP**, **UDP_CONNECT**,
  **HTTP**, and **HTTPS**.

* `domain_name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the domain name that HTTP requests are sent to during the health
  check.

* `expected_codes` - (Optional, String, ForceNew)  Specifies the expected HTTP status code. This parameter will take
  effect only when type is set to HTTP or HTTPS.

* `max_retries_down` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of consecutive health checks when the health check
  result of a backend server changes from ONLINE to OFFLINE.

* `monitor_port` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the port used for the health check. If this parameter is left
  blank, a port of the backend server will be used by default.

> * `name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the health check name.

Reviewer: add the detail description

Author: done

* `url_path` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the HTTP request path for the health check. The value must start
  with a slash (/), and the default value is /. The value can contain letters, digits, hyphens (-), slashes (/),
  periods (.), percentage signs (%), question marks (?), pound signs (#), ampersand signs (&), and the extended character
  set _;~!()*[]@$^:',+.

>   -> **NOTE:** This parameter is available only when type is set to HTTP or HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -> **NOTE:** This parameter is available only when `type` is set to **HTTP** or **HTTPS**.
```

Author: done

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The unique ID for the pool.

* `loadbalancers` - The IDs of the load balancers with which the backend server group is associated.
  The [object](#loadbalancers) structure is documented below.

* `listeners` - The IDs of listeners with which the backend server group is associated.

>   The [object](#listeners) structure is documented below.

Reviewer: it is useless, fix them like the resource of huaweicloud_elb_member

Author: done

* `ip_version` - The IP version supported by the backend server.

* `instance_id` - The ID of the ECS used as the backend server.

* `member_type` - The type of the backend server.

* `operating_status` - The health status of the backend server.

* `id` - The ID of the backend server group.

<a name="healthmonitorResp"></a>
The `healthmonitor` block supports:

* `delay` - The interval between health checks, in seconds.

* `max_retries` - The number of consecutive health checks when the health check result of a backend server changes from
  OFFLINE to ONLINE.

* `timeout` - The maximum time required for waiting for a response from the health check, in seconds.

* `type` - The health check protocol.

* `domain_name` - The domain name that HTTP requests are sent to during the health check.

* `expected_codes` - The expected HTTP status code.

* `max_retries_down` - The number of consecutive health checks when the health check result of a backend server changes
  from ONLINE to OFFLINE.

* `monitor_port` - The port used for the health check.

* `name` - The health check name.

* `url_path` - The HTTP request path for the health check.

> * `id` - The health check ID.

Reviewer: only attributes should be desplay here

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

> ELB pool can be imported using the pool `id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ELB active standby pool can be imported using the pool `id`, e.g.
```

Author: done
